# CampJS VI

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/campjs/campjs-vi](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/campjs/campjs-vi?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This is a top level planning repo for CampJS VI to be hosted in Springbrook, QLD from the [20 - 23 November 2015](http://lanyrd.com/2015/campjsnews/save-to-calendar/).

We are __striving__ for an open, transparent planning process for the next event and this is the beginnings of that.  The very first thing to do is to start getting expressions of interest from folks that are interested in helping out for the next event, in very targetted areas that will form something similar to Working Groups.

From an initial brain dump we are considering the following groups:

- [Talks and Workshops](https://github.com/campjs/campjs-vi/issues/1)
- [Diversity](https://github.com/campjs/campjs-vi/issues/2)
- [Social](https://github.com/campjs/campjs-vi/issues/3)
- [Sponsorship and Swag](https://github.com/campjs/campjs-vi/issues/4)
- [Logistics](https://github.com/campjs/campjs-vi/issues/5)

Expressions of interest should be voiced in each of the issues that are linked above. It should also be said there is a lot of cross-over between each of the areas and I will be doing my best to help all areas are talking to each other.  In time each of these areas may well have their own repo (or possibly section of this repo - whichever ensures people are in the loop).

Also, feel free to create an issue to discuss anything.

## CampJS VI Talk Submissions

Listed below are talk submissions that have been collected so far.  These suggestions have been anonymised as best we can so we as a community can work through a process of open voting.  One thing to note is that we aren't trying to fill a particular number of slots, so it's not really a "get enough votes" get to present kind of system, more just a tool to help people us get a feel for whether:

1. There is sufficient interest in a topic for it to happen - this is probably most useful to the person who proposed the talk.

2. How big a space we may need to facilitate the session.  Koonjewarre has a lot of really usable spaces, so even if a talk has a few people interested, but could happen almost anywhere, we should work to making that happen.

### Current Talks open for "Voting"

[![Feature Requests](http://feathub.com/campjs/campjs-vi?format=svg)](http://feathub.com/campjs/campjs-vi)

### Submitting a Talk

To assist us with knowing who you are, but presenting the topic anonymously please submit via [the submission form](http://goo.gl/forms/3xensRuz2u).

### Amending your talk details

If you feel like you would like to amend your talk content, or suggest a title other than the one that we've manually provided then feel free to email [damon@campjs.com](mailto:damon@campjs.com) and either myself or one of the other folks helping bring all this together will sort it out :)

### Suggesting a Topic

If there is a particular topic that you'd like to hear about, but aren't quite yet to jump in and volunteer to do this talk yourself (though we'd encourage you do to that), then the best place to suggest that is:

<https://github.com/campjs/campjs-vi/issues/8>
